Tom has a huge garden and loves flowers. He employed two gardeners who take
care of the plants: Alex and Benni. Alex and Benni are very reliable and Tom is
satisfied with their work. Nevertheless he wants to optimize the plant growth.
He decides to let Alex and Benni fertilize his plants. The magazine recommends
the use of the chemicals A X200R or B Y33R. However, Tom also read that it can
damage plants when they are exposed to multiple different types of chemicals.
Tom therefore decides that he only wants to use one fertilizer. He goes for A
X200R. Tom instructs Alex and Benni to buy the chemical A X200R and to use only
this fertilizer. Alex volunteers for buying several bottles of this chemical
for Benni and himself. After a few weeks, Tom realizes that some of his plants
are much prettier and bigger than before but some of his plants are dried up.
He wonders whether the drying of his plants might have something to do with the
fertilization. He wants to investigate this matter and talks to Alex and Benni.
Alex tells him that he followed Tom's instruction: "I only bought and used the
chemical A X200R which I had funneled into the blue can." Benni suddenly is
startled and says to Alex: "What? You funneled A X200R into the blue can? But
you told me you had funneled it into the green can! That's why I always used
the green can!" Alex replies: "Did I? Then I am sorry!" Tom remembers that he
had filled B Y33R in a green can - long before he had read about the chemicals
in his magazine. He had never used it. So Benni must have accidentally, without
knowing it, applied the chemical B Y33R, whereas only Alex applied A X200R. Tom
realizes that the plants dried up in the flower beds on which both A X200R and
B Y33R were applied by the gardeners.

Quedstion: Did the fertilization by Benni cause the plant to dry out?

Answer: Yes

P(Yes), P(No): [0.52, 0.48]
Is Ambiguous: True

Annotated sentences:
[
    {
        "text": "Benni must have accidentally, without knowing it, applied the chemical b y33r, whereas only alex applied a x200r.",
        "victim": null,
        "annotation": [
            "event_normality",
            "EC_4_Abnormal_Event"
        ]
    },
    {
        "text": "Benni must have accidentally, without knowing it, applied the chemical b y33r, whereas only alex applied a x200r.",
        "victim": null,
        "annotation": [
            "action_omission",
            "EC_4_Omission"
        ]
    },
    {
        "text": "It can damage plants when they are exposed to multiple different types of chemicals.",
        "victim": null,
        "annotation": [
            "causal_structure",
            "CS_1_Conjunctive"
        ]
    },
    {
        "text": "To buy the chemical a x200r and to use only this fertilizer.",
        "victim": null,
        "annotation": [
            "norm_type",
            "Norm_3_Prescriptive_Norm"
        ]
    },
    {
        "text": "Tom instructs alex and benni.",
        "victim": null,
        "annotation": [
            "agent_awareness",
            "AK_2_Agent_Aware"
        ]
    }
]

[false, true, true, false, true, false, true, false, true, false, false, true, false, true, true, false, true, true, false, false, true, false, true, false, true]